update retl usage documentation (#7887)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/system.md

To provide consistent performance and reliability at scale, Segment enforces default use and rate limits for Reverse ETL.

### Usage limits
Reverse ETL usage limits are measured based on the number of records processed to each destination – this includes only successful records. For example, if you processed 50K records to Braze and 50K records to Mixpanel, then your total Reverse ETL usage is 100K records.

Processed records represents the number of records Segment attempts to send to each destination. Keep in mind that not all processed records are successfully delivered, for example, such as when the destination experiences an issue.

> Segment tracks how many Reverse ETL records you process in one monthly billing cycle. To see how many records you've processed using Reverse ETL, navigate to **Settings > Usage & billing** and select the **Reverse ETL** tab. Note that Segment will not block Reverse-ETL syncs due to usage.

Reviewer: @gilsegment The last sentence - does that mean that even if you've gone over your allotted record usage Segment will still sync with your warehouse? What do those syncs look like?

Author: There is no such thing as `limit` for Reverse-ETL, so customers cannot  "gone over your allotted record usage"

> Segment tracks how many Reverse ETL records you process in one monthly billing cycle. To see how many records you've processed using Reverse ETL, navigate to **Settings > Usage & billing** and select the **Reverse ETL** tab. Note that Segment will not block Reverse-ETL syncs due to usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment doesn't limit how many Reverse ETL records you can process in one monthly billing cycle. 

To track how many records you've processed using Reverse ETL, navigate to **Settings > Usage & billing** and select the **Reverse ETL** tab. For questions about Reverse ETL usage, contact your account team or reach out to [Segment support](segment.com/help/contact){:target="_blank”}. 
```

> Segment tracks your Reverse ETL usage for visibility purposes, but your syncs will continue to run regardless of usage. If you have questions about your Reverse ETL usage, contact your Segment representative.

Author: There is. The docs explicitly says that. See line 58.

> Segment tracks your Reverse ETL usage for visibility purposes, but your syncs will continue to run regardless of usage. If you have questions about your Reverse ETL usage, contact your Segment representative.

Reviewer: let's consolidate this information into one paragraph. 
```suggestion
```

To provide consistent performance and reliability at scale, Segment enforces default use and rate limits for Reverse ETL.

### Usage limits

> Reverse ETL usage limits are measured based on the number of records processed to each destination – this includes only successful records. For example, if you processed 50K records to Braze and 50K records to Mixpanel, then your total Reverse ETL usage is 100K records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment measures Reverse ETL usage measured based on the number of records processed to each destination – this includes only successful records. For example, if you processed 50K records to Braze and 50K records to Mixpanel, then your total Reverse ETL usage is 100K records.
```
